# CS250-SDLC
### How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
<p> Determining what the user is looking to accomplish with a program is done by listening to the user and gathering as much information as possible. This is done by asking leading questions about how the user would like the program to function, what details the user is looking to see, what information or purpose the user is looking to gather from the program etc. User stories allow a way of simplifying the definition of the requirements in a way that can be easily understood by developers and users. User stories break the requirements into small chunks that can be worked on incrementally. </p>

### How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
<p> When I am developing a program I like to take the time from the very beginning to gather as many details and requirments as possible before I begin coding. Having a well developed plan and understanding the full requirements of the program acts as a roadmap to follow throughout the development process. I really like the use of user stoies as a way of collecing requiremtns for a program. I also like the idea of having a product backlog of as of way of tracking and prioritizing user stores and requirements for the project. Having a product backlog is a dynamic way of looking at the progress of the project and through backlog refinement knowing what stories are ready to be worked on next. </p>

### What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
<p> Being a good team member means being able to openly communicate with your teammates and being honest about abilities, hindrences and dificulities while working on the project. A good team member must be able to take responsibility and work indipendentely while maintaing that communication with the team so that the team can perform as one cohesive unit.</p>
